Feature/core 1129 identity access (#109)
evannetwork/api-blockchain-core: docs/profile/identity.rst

================================================================================
Identity
================================================================================

.. list-table::
   :widths: auto
   :stub-columns: 1

   * - Class Name
     - Identity
   * - Extends
     - `Logger <../common/logger.html>`_
   * - Source
     - `identity.ts <https://github.com/evannetwork/api-blockchain-core/tree/master/src/identity/identity.ts>`_
   * - Examples
     - `identity.spec.ts <https://github.com/evannetwork/api-blockchain-core/tree/master/src/identity/identity.spec.ts>`_

> Each account that is registered on the evan.network, has a identity with a assigned profile contract. Each identity can be permitted to act on behalf of another identity. This identity library helps to grant / remove read or write permissions to act on behalf of a identity and also to manage identities where a identity was invitited to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each account that is registered on the evan.network has an identity with an assigned profile contract. Each identity can be permitted to act on behalf of another identity. This identity library helps to grant / remove read or write permissions to act on behalf of an identity and also to manage identities an identity was invitited to.
```

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> .. _mailbox_constructor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _identity_constructor:
```

constructor
================================================================================

.. code-block:: typescript

  new Identity(options);

Creates a new identity instance with a specific identity / underlying address context.

----------
Parameters
----------

> #. ``options`` - ``MailboxOptions``: options for Mailbox constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. ``options`` - ``IdentityOptions``: options for Identity constructor.
```

    * ``nameResolver`` - |source nameResolver|_: |source nameResolver|_ instance
    * ``profile`` - |source profile|_: |source profile|_ instance
    * ``runtimeConfig`` - |source runtimeConfig|_: runtime configuration with a keyConfig
    * ``underlyingAccount`` - |source underlyingAccount|_:
    * ``verifications`` - |source verifications|_: |source verifications|_ instance
    * ``web3`` - |source web3|_: |source web3|_ instance
    * ``log`` - ``Function`` (optional): function to use for logging: ``(message, level) => {...}``
    * ``logLevel`` - |source logLevel|_ (optional): messages with this level will be logged with ``log``
    * ``logLog`` - |source logLogInterface|_ (optional): container for collecting log messages
    * ``logLogLevel`` - |source logLevel|_ (optional): messages with this level will be pushed to ``logLog``

-------
Returns
-------

``Identity`` instance

-------
Example
-------

.. code-block:: typescript

  const identity = new Identity({
    activeIdentity,
    config,
    contractLoader,
    did,
    executor,
    mailbox,
    nameResolver,
    profile,
    runtimeConfig,
    underlyingAccount,
    verifications,
    web3,
  });

> 

Reviewer: What about the methods?
